[Wiki] Home page updates to documentation (#1640)
Azure/ResourceModules: docs/wiki/Home.md

# Common Azure Resource Modules Library
CARML resource library provides [bicep](https://github.com/Azure/bicep) modules which can be re-use in your infrastructure as code project to accelerate deployments. You can re-use code library as whole or in part. The primary aim is to provide you with re-usable infrastructure pattern so that you can focus what matter the most.
CARML should accelerate your deployment, it should also save time on testing, it should help you easily integrate and overall it should provide you with commonality across your infrastructure deployments. You could integrate CARML into your CI/CD pipelines and that will accelerate your DevOps adoption with ease.

> CARML will make it easy to deploy complex deployment, such as Azure landing zone, landing zone accelerator or individual service deployments.

Author: I would suggest to use word "Accelerate" instead of "easy or simple" such as "CARML will accelerate complex deployment".

# Common Azure Resource Modules Library

> CARML resource library provides [bicep](https://github.com/Azure/bicep) modules which can be re-used in your infrastructure as code project to accelerate deployments. You can re-use code library as whole or in part. The primary aim is to provide you with re-usable infrastructure pattern so that you can focus what matter the most.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The CARML resource library provides [bicep](https://github.com/Azure/bicep) modules which can be re-used in your infrastructure as code project to accelerate deployments. You can re-use the code library as whole or in part. The primary aim is to provide you with re-usable infrastructure pattern so that you can focus what matter the most.
```

> The CARML resource library provides [bicep](https://github.com/Azure/bicep) modules which can be re-used in your infrastructure as code project to accelerate deployments. You can re-use the code library as whole or in part. The primary aim is to provide you with re-usable infrastructure pattern so that you can focus what matter the most.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The CARML resource library provides [Bicep](https://github.com/Azure/bicep) modules which can be leveraged in your infrastructure as code project to accelerate solution development. You can re-use the code library as whole or in part. The primary aim is to provide you with re-usable building blocks, so that you can focus what matter the most.
```

> CARML should accelerate your deployment, it should also save time on testing, it should help you easily integrate and overall it should provide you with commonality across your infrastructure deployments. You could integrate CARML into your CI/CD pipelines and that will accelerate your DevOps adoption with ease.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
CARML accelerates your solution development, it also saves time on testing, it helps you easily integrate and overall, it provides you with commonality across your infrastructure deployments. You can integrate CARML into your CI/CD pipelines to accelerate your DevOps adoption.
```

> CARML will accelerate  deployment of complex system, such as Azure landing zone, landing zone accelerator or individual service deployments.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
CARML will accelerate the deployment of complex solutions, such as Azure landing zones, landing zone accelerators or individual multi-module applications/workloads.
```

# Scope

In next section, you can find an overview of what is in scope and what is out of scope for CARML.

## In Scope

> - **Module library ** is a  collection of comprehensive, reusable, Bicep-based building blocks to deploy Azure resources. It can also be be combined to create & orchestrate more complex, multi-module Azure solutions.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- **Module library** is a collection of comprehensive, reusable, Bicep-based building blocks to deploy Azure resources. It can also be combined to create & orchestrate more complex, multi-module Azure solutions.
```

> - **CI environment** Is devops pipelines. It can be use to validate modules and to publish module which are  successfully validated to a target location. It uses semantic versioning  and it can be use with both GitHub Workflows and Azure DevOps pipelines.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- **CI environment** is DevOps pipelines. It can be used to validate modules and to publish modules which are successfully validated to a target location. It uses semantic versioning and it can be used with both GitHub workflows and Azure DevOps pipelines.
```

- **Documentation** Including design principles,  usage of [The library](./The%20library) and [The CI environment](./The%20CI%20environment). It also includes  step-by-step guidelines on how to start utilizing CARML Library. For more detail please refer to  [Getting started](./Getting%20started) section.

## Out of Scope

- **Orchestration:** Orchestrated, multi-module solutions such as workloads or applications intended. As mention earlier, you can use modules to assemble such application /workload deploy workload.
- **Languages:** Other domain-specific languages (DSL), like _Terraform_.

> ## Module update frequency

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion

## Module update frequency
```

# Scope

In next section, you can find an overview of what is in scope and what is out of scope for CARML.

## In Scope

> - **Module library** is a collection of comprehensive, reusable, Bicep-based building blocks to deploy Azure resources. It can also be combined to create & orchestrate more complex, multi-module Azure solutions.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- **Module library:** CARML is a collection of comprehensive, reusable, Bicep-based building blocks to deploy Azure resources. It can also be combined to create & orchestrate more complex, multi-module Azure solutions.
```

> - **CI environment** is DevOps pipelines. It can be used to validate modules and to publish modules which are successfully validated to a target location. It uses semantic versioning and it can be used with both GitHub workflows and Azure DevOps pipelines.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- **CI environment:** it provides DevOps pipelines. It can be used to validate modules and to publish modules which are successfully validated to a target location. It uses semantic versioning, and it can be used with both GitHub workflows and Azure DevOps pipelines.
```

> - **Documentation** including design principles, usage of [The library](./The%20library) and [The CI environment](./The%20CI%20environment). It also includes step-by-step guidelines on how to start utilizing CARML Library. For more details, please refer to [Getting started](./Getting%20started) section.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- **Documentation:** it includes design principles, usage of [The library](./The%20library) and [The CI environment](./The%20CI%20environment). It also includes step-by-step guidelines on how to start utilizing the CARML Library. For more details, please refer to [Getting started](./Getting%20started) section.
```

## Out of Scope

> - **Orchestration:** Orchestrated, multi-module solutions such as workloads or applications intended. As mention earlier, you can use modules to assemble such application /workload deploy workload.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- **Orchestration:** Orchestrated, multi-module solutions, such as workloads or applications. As mentioned earlier, you can leverage modules to assemble and deploy such applications/workloads.
```
